1.      I am currently pursuing bachelors in Information Technology from Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute Of technology. I belong to a poor family , its necessary for me to get a job else my family will continue to suffer as they are now. I want to change their living standards . Moreover i always had an interest from school days about good communication skills and having good personality that's why i did my course in data science and want to enhance my skills. I have also applied for the other courses related to the specialization in this field. My family income is not great so i can’t afford this course money. I want to do specialization in above stated course. I want to learn more about programming and algorithms which can be fulfilled by this course. I want to pursue a career in a Technical profile and want to become a great programmer to some top firm.
I want to learn more about programming and algorithm learning which can be fulfilled by this course. I want to pursue a career in a Technical profile and want to become a non- technical head to some top firm. I want to research more on this topic and that's why i need some recognized certifications from a prestigious institution like yours who offers financial aid to people like me. I assure you that i will abide my all coursera honor code and coursera code of conduct. I will also try to contribute my knowledge to coursera community and discuss relevant topics with my mentor and other course mates so that we can improve ourselves as well as help the community. I don’t think people a few centuries, or even a few decades ago, could have ever imagined how connected the world will be in the future. They probably wouldn’t have ever realized how the knowledge they so relentlessly strive to gain, could be available to almost anyone around the world at the click of a button, as long as they have an internet connection.With coursera, you can learn anything while sitting thousands of miles away from the teacher and with financial support, it’s no longer beyond a commoner’s reach .I am very thankful to Coursera community for giving such opportunities to us. 
I request you to please grant me financial aid so that i can soon start learning and developing skills.


2.    I am an Indian and live in a small town of Uttar pradesh . I belong to a poor family , we barely can afford our living along with the government college fee in which I am pursuing my bachelors degree. My father is a works for a private company. His salary is very less and its difficult for him to feed a family of 4 along with mine as well as my sister college fees. I have had my education till high school in a village school which had very minimal fees. I pay my college fees by loans as well as from a scholarship which i get from Foundation For Excellence. I barely can afford to pay my college fees .I am a very bright student as i have a good academic background but i only fall behind due to lack of money and couldn't really grab all the opportunities i got in the past. It is my humble request you to please consider my financial status and provide me an aid so that i can get some good job and could change the living of my family and others as well.





3.       No, I am a student and belongs to a very poor family where I am hardly affording my college fee. I have no money to buy books to learn. I don't earn money that's the reason I can't afford the low interest loan. Please help me and give me financial aid. I am so ambitious to learn this course.